# CampusPlatform
**Abstact**
+ In order to help college students make better use of idle resources in campus life, we design and implement a mutual assistance platform for campus information. 
+ The platform contains user registration and login modules, personal information management modules, task center modules, campus information modules, comment modules, reward center modules, achievement system modules, message consultation modules, system message notification modules, platform management module and data analysis modules. The user registration and login module completes the functions of user registration, user login and non-login interception. 
+ The personal information management module provides users with the function of modifying their basic personal information and passwords. The task center module completes the functions of publishing, accepting, and completing user tasks. The campus information module mainly completes the release and management of campus information. The comment module completes the user's comment on the campus information. The reward center module completes the student redemption and management of rewards. The achievement system module provides users with achievement display and completion functions. The message consultation module mainly provides students with the function of leaving a message consultation to the administrator. The platform management module provides administrators with the function of manage platform information. The data analysis module provides administrators with visual charts to analyze the operation of the platform. 
+ In terms of technical use, the platform adopts a development model with separation of front and back end. Using this development mode, front-end and back-end functions can be decoupled, which reduces the concurrency pressure on back-end servers and improves development efficiency. This platform uses the Spring Boot development framework for service and uses Vue. JS development framework for building UI on the web. At the same time, for the beauty of user UI interface, the system selected Element UI component library for UI design. For data management, Oracle's MySQL database is selected for relational database management. Finally, we test each function module of the platform, and the test results show that the system achieves the business function requirements well, and illustrates the feasibility and rationality of the system
